---
title: 2022-03-24 Board Meeting Minutes
---
# HamWAN Memphis Metro 2022 Q1 Board Meeting

## Agenda

## Call to Order

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): I call this
    meeting to order at 8:04 P.M. Central Time on March 24, 2022 taking
    place via Zoom conference.

## Roll Call

-   [*Sam Eichold*](mailto:sam.eichold@memhamwan.org): We
    have a quorum, with [*Ryan
    Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org),
    [*Sam Eichold*](mailto:sam.eichold@memhamwan.org),
    and
    [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org)
    in attendance.

## Previous Meeting

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): Our last board
    meeting was on August 18, 2021; due to a clerical error there are no
    meeting minutes to present; all business from that meeting will be
    called here again for transparency and compliance during the
    "unfinished business" section.

## Officers Report

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): We'll now move to
    the officer's reports, starting with the president

## President

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): I presented
    MemHamWAN to Nashoba ARC on March 14, 2022. It was a good high-level
    overview of the platform, and there were some good follow-up
    questions. There was one person who indicated an interest in wanting
    to have a survey done, though I am still waiting to hear from them
    by way of Frank (president of Nashoba).
-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): Over the 2021
    winter, I've continued on the migration from GitHub and various
    devops tools to GitLab and their devops platform. The goal of this
    effort is to consolidate our tech footprint and make our approach
    more mainstream and better documented. This should be complete
    before the end of the quarter.
-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:rturner@memhamwan.org): Currently, Sam and I
    are the only netops. We need to consider making netops more
    approachable, perhaps starting with finding "site maintainers" who
    focus more on the physical operations of things since simple
    physical issues are the predominant failure mode right now (i.e.
    power failures). Open to input on how to approach this or who to tag
    for help. I intend to raise this for wider discussion via GitLab
    issue and Slack and look forward to your input there.

## Secretary VP

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): We'll now move to
    the secretary VP's report

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): I MOVE THAT we
    approve the 2021 end of year financial statements as presented

    -   Cliff seconded and the motion carried

-   [*Sam Eichold*](mailto:sam.eichold@memhamwan.org):
    For the board's reference, [*Memhamwan-Balance
    Sheet-FY22Q1-forcast.pdf*](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-5SH6KkVwUFdTIxpqRQY4QINOUR3fiq7/view?usp=sharing)
    is our forecast EO2022Q1 balance sheet. Please anticipate that
    formal reports for Q1 will be filed at our next board meeting.

## Unfinished business

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): We'll now move on
    to unfinished business.

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): I MOVE THAT we
    approve a \$20.95 expenditure to pay for the 2020 Secretary of State
    filing on September 13, 2021 as referenced in [*this
    message*](https://memhamwan.slack.com/archives/G02FGTH57/p1631585534002500);
    this is already reflected in our financial statements

    -   Affirmed by consensus

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): I MOVE THAT we
    approve a \$200 expenditure to pay for the 2021 club liability
    insurance on September 13, 2021 as referenced in [*this
    message*](https://memhamwan.slack.com/archives/G02FGTH57/p1632260149008100);
    this is already reflected in our financial statements

    -   Affirmed by consensus

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): I MOVE THAT we
    approve a \$433.61 expenditure to purchase power handling equipment
    and fiber for our LEB site on August 18, 202; this is already
    reflected in our financial statements; receipts are here

    -   Affirmed by consensus

-   [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org):
    I MOVE that we approve the prior motions as presented

    -   Second:
        > [*Sam Eichold*](mailto:sam.eichold@memhamwan.org)
        > and the motion carried

## New business

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): We'll now move on
    to new business.

-   [*Sam Eichold*](mailto:sam.eichold@memhamwan.org): I
    MOVE THAT we file annual report with TN Secretary of State and
    approve an \$20.95 expenditure to cover filing costs ([*tracking
    task*](https://gitlab.com/memhamwan/memhamwan.gitlab.io/-/issues/9))

    -   Second:
        > [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org)

    -   Motion carries

-   [*Sam Eichold*](mailto:sam.eichold@memhamwan.org): I
    MOVE THAT we file Application for Reinstatement with TN Secretary of
    State and approve an a \$70.95 expenditure to cover filing costs
    ([*tracking
    task*](https://gitlab.com/memhamwan/memhamwan.gitlab.io/-/issues/21))

    -   Second:
        > [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org)

    -   Motion carries

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): I MOVE THAT
    Pursuant to Article 10 Section 1, we amend article 3 section 8 of
    the bylaws [*which currently read
    as*](https://gitlab.com/memhamwan/memhamwan.gitlab.io/-/wikis/Bylaws#section-8-regular-meetings):\
    "Regular meetings of directors shall be held on First Wednesday of
    the month at 7:30 p.m., unless such day falls on a legal holiday, in
    which event the regular meeting shall be held at the same hour and
    place on the next business day."\
    Replacing this entire section with:\
    "Regular meetings of directors shall be held on the second to last
    thursday of the quarter at 8:00 p.m. central time, unless such day
    falls on a [*federal
    holiday*](https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/pay-leave/federal-holidays/),
    in which event the regular meeting shall be held at the same hour
    and place on the next business day"

    -   Second:
        > [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org)
        > seconded

    -   Discussion

    -   [*Sam Eichold*](mailto:sam.eichold@memhamwan.org)called
        > the question and
        > [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org)seconded

    -   Vote: unanimously carries

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): I MOVE THAT
    Pursuant to Article 10 Section 1, we amend Article 13, Section 2 of
    the bylaws [*which currently read
    as*](https://gitlab.com/memhamwan/memhamwan.gitlab.io/-/wikis/Bylaws#section-2-regular-meetings):\
    "A regular meeting of members shall be held on \_, at \_ .m., for
    the purpose of electing directors and transacting other business as
    may come before the meeting. The candidates receiving the highest
    number of votes up to the number of directors to be elected shall be
    elected. Each voting member shall cast one vote, with voting being
    by ballot only. The annual meeting of members for the purpose of
    electing directors shall be deemed a regular meeting. Other regular
    meetings of the members shall be held on \_\_\_, at \_ \_\_.m. If
    the day fixed for a regular meeting falls on a legal holiday, such
    meeting shall be held at the same hour and place on the next
    business day."\
    Replacing this entire section with:\
    "An annual meeting of members shall be held on the last Thursday of
    August at 8:00 p.m. central time, for the purpose of electing
    directors and transacting other business as may come before the
    meeting. If such day falls on a [*federal
    holiday*](https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/pay-leave/federal-holidays/),
    the annual meeting shall be held at the same hour and place on the
    next business day. The candidates receiving the highest number of
    votes up to the number of directors to be elected shall be elected.
    Each voting member shall cast one vote, with voting being by ballot
    only."

    -   Second:
        > [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org)

    -   Discussion

    -   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org) called the
        > question,
        > [*Sam Eichold*](mailto:sam.eichold@memhamwan.org)seconds

    -   Vote: unanimously carries

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): I MOVE THAT as
    detailed in [*proposal
    task*](https://gitlab.com/memhamwan/memhamwan.gitlab.io/-/issues/12),
    in order to maintain a performant network edge connection, we
    approve up to \$10 a month recurring fee for a cloud edge router and
    a one-time licensing fee for up to \$50

    -   Second:
        > [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org)

    -   Discussion

    -   [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org)
        > called the question,[*Ryan
        > Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org) seconds

    -   Vote: unanimously carries

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): I MOVE THAT the
    secretary shall publish these meeting minutes [*in the
    wiki*](https://gitlab.com/memhamwan/memhamwan.gitlab.io/-/wikis/home)
    within 5 business days of this meeting being adjourned and that we
    adopt this as a standing rule for the board of directors in
    perpetuity or until we decide to end this rule

    -   Second:
        > [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org)

    -   Discussion

    -   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org) called the
        > question,
        > [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org)
        > seconds

    -   Vote: unanimously carries

-   [*Cliff Gurlen*](mailto:cliff.gurlen@memhamwan.org):
    Would like to revitalize the local community for digital
    communications and technologies; likely under the Midsouth Makers
    umbrella, but HamWAN may have some space here

## Announcements

-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): Are there any
    announcements?
-   [*Ryan Turner*](mailto:ryan.turner@memhamwan.org): The next meeting
    will be the Q2 board meeting on June 23, 2022 at 8 p.m. central time
    on webconference

## Adjournment

-   [*Sam Eichold*](mailto:sam.eichold@memhamwan.org): I
    MOVE THAT we adjourn the 2022 Q1 board meeting.
